Re-introduce "getting started" section (#205)
EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu: README.md

See [source](examples/shaders/sky-shader/src/lib.rs) for full details.

## Getting started

> For information on using `rust-gpu` to write shaders be sure to checkout the [`rust-gpu` dev guide][gpu-guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [The `rust-gpu` Dev Guide][gpu-guide] for information on how to get started with using in your projects.
```
